README.md, before:

# **ScheduleWorks**

<p align="center">
<img  src="https://github.com/WSU-4110/ScheduleWorks/blob/main/schedule-works-fe/src/main/resources/ScheduleWorksLogo.png" width=65% height=65%>
</p>


A desktop application that can build a class schedule given time & day filters. 

# Installation
1. Download the repository into C:\Program Files\ using admin. (unzip if you need to)
2. Right click the ScheduleWorks folder and select properties.
3. Click on security.
4. Click Edit.
4. Enable Full Access for users and click apply.
5. Run ScheduleWorks.exe and enjoy!

# Contributors
1. Mazen Mirza
2. Aafnan Mahmood
3. Mizanul Haque
4. Faizan Bhatti
5. Christopher Forkin


# Requirements
Installation can be either through a terminal or by directly downloading the required software
### Direct Installations
-----
<a href="https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-3100/" target="_blank">Python 3.10</a>

<a href="https://www.google.com/chrome/">Google Chrome</a>

<a href="https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/downloads/">Java</a>

<a href="https://gluonhq.com/products/javafx/">JavaFX</a>



### Command Prompt (Windows)
-----


Google Chrome
```Command Prompt
$Path = $env:TEMP; $Installer = "chrome_installer.exe"; Invoke-WebRequest "http://dl.google.com/chrome/install/375.126/chrome_installer.exe" -OutFile $Path\$Installer;
Start-Process -FilePath $Path\$Installer -Args "/silent /install" -Verb RunAs -Wait; Remove-Item $Path\$Installer
```
<br />

Python


```Command Prompt
curl https://www.python.org/ftp/python/3.10.9/python-3.10.9-amd64.exe -o python_install.exe;
%CD%\"python_install.exe;"
```
### *TO AVOID ISSUES ENSURE THAT YOU SELECT* "Add python.exe to PATH"



### Libraries
-----
The project is still in devolpment, to install the required tools to manually run, use below:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

 
### todo
 - Optimize functions 
 - Manage selenium wait times based on website load speeds.
 - Delete user information button.
 - Save user cookies for quick data refresh.
 - Display users name
 - Incorrect code handling
 - Incorrect login handling
 - Convert output data to JSON for table formatting
 - Display priority queue
 - Add functionality for the Selenium in BG and Save User Cookies (if implemented) toggles
 - Add FAQ page to interface (in place of help page)
 - Save login info & add "Remember me" function
 - Zoom in/out of interface through scaling the DPI
 - Scene transitions between interface pages (fade in/out)

Commit message:

Removed todo list and other readme changes

README.md, after:

# **ScheduleWorks**

<p align="center">
<img  src="https://github.com/WSU-4110/ScheduleWorks/blob/main/schedule-works-fe/src/main/resources/ScheduleWorksLogo.png" width=65% height=65%>
</p>


A desktop application that can build a class schedule using your WSU DegreeWorks account. 

# Installation
1. Download the repository into C:\Program Files\ using admin. (unzip if you need to)
2. Right click the ScheduleWorks folder and select properties.
3. Click on security.
4. Click Edit.
4. Enable Full Access for users and click apply.
5. Run ScheduleWorks.exe and enjoy!

# Contributors
1. Mazen Mirza
2. Aafnan Mahmood
3. Mizanul Haque
4. Faizan Bhatti
5. Christopher Forkin


# Requirements
Installation can be either through a terminal or by directly downloading the required software
### Direct Installations
-----
<a href="https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-3100/" target="_blank">Python 3.10</a>

<a href="https://www.google.com/chrome/">Google Chrome</a>

<a href="https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/downloads/">Java</a>

<a href="https://gluonhq.com/products/javafx/">JavaFX</a>



### Command Prompt (Windows)
-----


Google Chrome
```Command Prompt
$Path = $env:TEMP; $Installer = "chrome_installer.exe"; Invoke-WebRequest "http://dl.google.com/chrome/install/375.126/chrome_installer.exe" -OutFile $Path\$Installer;
Start-Process -FilePath $Path\$Installer -Args "/silent /install" -Verb RunAs -Wait; Remove-Item $Path\$Installer
```
<br />

Python


```Command Prompt
curl https://www.python.org/ftp/python/3.10.9/python-3.10.9-amd64.exe -o python_install.exe;
%CD%\"python_install.exe;"
```
### *TO AVOID ISSUES ENSURE THAT YOU SELECT* "Add python.exe to PATH"



### Libraries
-----
Install the required tools to manually run, use below:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
